README.md, before:

# Airbyte destination

This destination follows the [Airbyte Protocol](https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/airbyte-protocol). 
The protocol offers an introduction to Airbyte concepts, message types and format, plus a detailed explanation of the 3 commands the destination should implement: `spec`, `check`, and `write`.

## Running each command

To build the docker image, first run:
```shell
make
```

```shell
docker build . -t propeldata/airbyte-destination
```

### Spec
```shell
docker run --rm propeldata/airbyte-destination spec
```

### Check
First, set up your secrets config file with the Propel App ID and secret.
```shell
make secrets APP_ID=<Application ID> SECRET=<Application secret>
```
Now with the `secrets/config.json` file all set up you can run:
```shell
docker run -v $(pwd)/secrets:/secrets --rm propeldata/airbyte-destination check --config /secrets/config.json
```

### Write
If you haven't already, set up the secrets config file as described in the command above.
To test the `write` command you should pass down:
- The config file previously generated.
- A configured catalog. It describes an Airbyte Stream, which is a Data Pool on our side.
- Record and State messages via stdin. These are the records that will be inserted to the Data Pool.

Samples of the last two can be found in `sample_files/` and can be used as such:
```shell
docker run --rm -i -v $(pwd)/secrets:/secrets -v $(pwd)/sample_files:/sample_files propeldata/airbyte-destination write --config /secrets/config.json --catalog /sample_files/configured_catalog.json < sample_files/input_data.txt
```

## Integration tests
All three commands are run for integration tests, using our e2e Production Propel account.
The test table and records can be found under the `sample_files` directory. The `e2e/main_test.go` then asserts all insertions and wipes out all records for future tests. 

## Docker image publishing
A new Docker image is published  to `propeldata/airbyte-propel-destination` with every new GitHub release. Make sure you upgrade the `io.airbyte.version` Dockerfile label.

Commit message:

chore: publish docker image when branch is merged to main

README.md, after:

# Airbyte destination

This destination follows the [Airbyte Protocol](https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/airbyte-protocol). 
The protocol offers an introduction to Airbyte concepts, message types and format, plus a detailed explanation of the 3 commands the destination should implement: `spec`, `check`, and `write`.

## Running each command

To build the docker image, first run:
```shell
make
```

```shell
docker build . -t propeldata/airbyte-destination
```

### Spec
```shell
docker run --rm propeldata/airbyte-destination spec
```

### Check
First, set up your secrets config file with the Propel App ID and secret.
```shell
make secrets APP_ID=<Application ID> SECRET=<Application secret>
```
Now with the `secrets/config.json` file all set up you can run:
```shell
docker run -v $(pwd)/secrets:/secrets --rm propeldata/airbyte-destination check --config /secrets/config.json
```

### Write
If you haven't already, set up the secrets config file as described in the command above.
To test the `write` command you should pass down:
- The config file previously generated.
- A configured catalog. It describes an Airbyte Stream, which is a Data Pool on our side.
- Record and State messages via stdin. These are the records that will be inserted to the Data Pool.

Samples of the last two can be found in `sample_files/` and can be used as such:
```shell
docker run --rm -i -v $(pwd)/secrets:/secrets -v $(pwd)/sample_files:/sample_files propeldata/airbyte-destination write --config /secrets/config.json --catalog /sample_files/configured_catalog.json < sample_files/input_data.txt
```

## Integration tests
All three commands are run for integration tests, using our e2e Production Propel account.
The test table and records can be found under the `sample_files` directory. The `e2e/main_test.go` then asserts all insertions and wipes out all records for future tests. 

## Docker image publishing
A new Docker image is published  to `propeldata/airbyte-propel-destination` with every pull request that is merged to `main`. 
> ⚠️ Remember to upgrade the version in the `Makefile`.
